Orazio Lentini
Professor Williams 
Mobile Application Design 
February 7, 2013
Responsive Design Fundamentals
Responsive web design is a design strategy that programmers use in order for the site to respond to the numerous different types of devices and screen sizes in the market.   Responsive design has three techniques that are, fluid grids, media queries, and flexible images.   One of the most important reasons to use responsive website designs is the ability of the webpage to work on any device.  This is a big change from the past because in the past they had fix sizes so if you used the site on a different size device it wouldn’t fit at nicely, or work at all.  It gives the optimal viewing experiences that help with minimal resizing, scrolling because it adapts to the size of the device.  
The viewport is what is seen on the screen of the device.  It is also the way that the website shows up.  In the code we have to tell it to open a page on the width of the screen size.  If we say the pixel size we want it won’t show up on all devices because not all devices are the same size.  With the viewport you can control how much you want to zoom in and zoom out.  
Another important topic that is used to make a responsive website is the screen density size for all devices.  The screen density is the number of pixels in the screen.  This is important so that the resolution on each device will be of a high resolution.  When thinking about using high resolution you have to think about who it’s for, the context in which the images are used, and if it is appropriate to use high resolution images.  To think who its for is important because you don’t want to have to make something so complicated if the person doesn’t need high resolution for their needs.  You have to also determine if you need to have large images in order to keep the resolution very high when going from different sizes. 
  Media queries play a big role in responsive design because it allows styles to be written that changes according to screen size and orientations of different devices.   They are also useful because it allows people to control styling on factors rather than a single device.   Media queries have some keywords that are used when styling such as ‘and’, ‘not’ or ‘only’.  This is big because it helps to make website to work on anything without losing the performance.  
	Fluid grids are useful because they allow for better optimized and fluid sites for screen sizes in a certain range.  It allows resizing within breakpoints that are set with using media queries.  You create layout starting from the biggest size to the smallest and give the layout the specifications that you want to happen.  You can specify how much it zooms, the color, and the max and min size of the screen in order to specify which layout will be loaded.   This helps to use the most optimal layout on the certain devices according to the size that the device is offering.  Fluid grids are defined by the number of columns and gutters.  Designers uses fluid grids because it provides an easier what of making multiple layouts.
	Responsive images are also useful because it take a lot of consideration when deciding if the image should be responsive.  Responsive images are good in that it will work on any device and resize according to the size of the device.  The thing that sometimes it cause devices to load more than it has to which can slow down some of the devices when connecting to a certain site.
	The topics that the video discussed have helped me to get a better grasp on what is required in a responsive website.  It helped me to learn about some of the topics because I didn’t have much knowledge about some of it.    I never really thought about media queries and the screen density size to the extent that they are needed.  I only thought to a minimum on how a screen size would work but not about the density size and how many pixels.  I don’t have the best knowledge on the major topics of making a responsive website. After watching the video I know understand all it take to make a responsive site and know that I will be able to use the things that I have learned in order to enhance my programming ability. 

	



