Orazio Lentini
Professor Williams 
Mobile Applications Design IS 322 
February 4, 2013
Website Review Assignment
•  BBCNEWS.COM
The intended audience is for anyone who wants to learn what is going around the world in his/her country or anywhere else. 
When they made this sight they made it so that the site scales down in order to fit the mobile device screen size. They scale the images of the headlines down to the size of a thumbnail by the titles of the article links. The designers added a menu bar that drops down and provides the basic links (news, sports weather, travel.. etc). They also added a section dropdown box that contained the links to home, and news of the other countries and continents. 
•	DISNEY.COM
The intended audience of this sight is for children who like to find news and pictures videos trailers of the upcoming Disney line. Adults can allows access it Disney store in order to purchase Disney apparel or movies. Adults can also find links to book their vacations to Disney world or Disney land.
When you open the site in a mobile device the website scales to fit the size of the mobile device. They have images and thumbnails that they kept in the mobile site but all images just scaled. They made the menu become a drop down box that has all the links to navigate to all the Disney sites and pages. They basically kept all the things in the same positions just made it smaller to fit more and more elongated.
•	MICROSOFT.COM
This site is for anyone that wants to find out what Microsoft is selling, which products they have. They have links to download of some of their software that is free and some that can be purchased. Can find support for Microsoft devices or software that he/she may have.
Opening this site in a mobile device looks the same what the top of the page with the images of Microsoft news and devices and software they have. Besides the top of the site the site looks like Microsoft new windows 8 metro style os. The metro style they have icons that lead to different Microsoft products when clicked. The menu bar from the desktop site isn’t on the mobile site but those links in the menu bar are found through the mobile site, even though the exact menu bar isn’t found. The one thing that the mobile site does better is that it displays more mobile device applications such as Microsoft apps. 
•	STARBUCKS.COM
This is for anyone that likes to drink starbucks and find out more about the company. Learn about their menus and get links to their online store. You can also find store locations on the site.  
The mobile site scales the images down but keeps them at the same quality but only scaled down. The menu bar is moved from the top of the page on the desktop site to a drop down box on the mobile site. In order to fit everything in the mobile site besides scaling down the images they rearrange the images vertically so that it appears better and everything will display the same things that appear on the desktop site.  
•	TIME.COM
This is for anyone that wants to find out what is the latest news that is going on in the United States. You can find any news from politics weather sports health, etc.. 
The mobile version of this site is basically the same exact thing as the desktop version. I has images that are scaled down to fit in the mobile site. The menu is located at the same exact format and location. The menu bar is a drop down that proves the link to navigate the site to go to different locations like sports health wealth, etc.. They just rearranged the site to make it all fit better but placing all the topics vertically that some of it side by side on the desktop site. Beside the rearrangement they made it all almost the same as the desktop site.  
